Update all of the docs to reflect new org service details (#244)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/administrator-documentation/moderne-dx/how-to-guides/dx-variables.md

| Argument Name                                     | Required | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|---------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--moderne.dx.organization.url`                   | `true`   |         | The URL of your GraphQL service that provides organization information. Cannot be combined with `--moderne.dx.organization.url`.                                                                                                                |

Author: As above, this is the wrong section for the URL. URL only applies to the org service variables section.,

|---------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--moderne.dx.organization.reposCsv`              | `true`   |         | The path of your `repos.csv` file that provides organization information. This could also be an unauthenticated HTTP/S URI in the form of `https://your-serve/repos.csv`.                                                                                                                   |
| `--moderne.dx.organization.devCenterJson`         | `false`   |         | The path of your `devcenter.json` file that provides the DevCenter configurations.                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `--moderne.dx.organization.defaultCommitOptions`  | `false`  | All options available | Use to restrict which commit options are available in Moderne. Acceptable values: `Direct`, `Branch`, `Fork`, `PullRequest`, `ForkAndPullRequest`.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: @nadavc @okundzich 

I think we should remove this from DX. These commit options in DX don't do anything as the CLI doesn't actually use this in any way.

Reviewer 2: We can do so in a follow up. Had the same question on the strict recipe source variable.

**Example:**

```bash
java -jar moderne-dx-{version}.jar \
# ... Existing arguments
--moderne.dx.organization.reposCsv=/Users/MY_USER/Documents/repos.csv \
--moderne.dx.organization.defaultCommitOptions=Direct,Branch,Fork,PullRequest,ForkAndPullRequest \
# ... Additional arguments
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Organizational service variables

<Tabs groupId="dx-type">
<TabItem value="oci-container" label="OCI Container">

**Environment variables:**

| Variable Name                                     | Required | Default | Description                                                                          |
|---------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `MODERNE_DX_ORGANIZATION_URL`                     | `true`   |         | The URL of your GraphQL service that provides organization information.                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MODERNE_DX_ORGANIZATION_URL`                     | `true`   |         | The URL of your GraphQL service that provides access control of organizations.                                                                                                              |
```
